The First Booke of Moses, called Genesis
1:1 In the beginning God created the Heauen, and the Earth.
1:2 And the earth was without forme, and voyd, and darkeneſſe was vpon the face of the deepe: and the Spirit of God mooued vpon the face of the waters.
1:3 And God ſaid, Let there be light: and there was light.
1:4 And God ſaw the light, that it was good: and God diuided the light from the darkeneſſe.
1:5 And God called the light, Day, and the darkneſſe he called Night: and the euening and the morning were the firﬅ day.
1:6 And God ſaid, Let there be a firmament in the midﬅ of the waters: and let it diuide the waters from the waters.
1:7 And God made the firmament; and diuided the waters, which were vnder the firmament, from the waters, which were aboue the firmament: and it was ſo.
1:8 And God called the firmament, Heauen: and the euening and the morning were the ſecond day.
1:9 And God ſaid, Let the waters vnder the heauen be gathered together vnto one place, and let the dry land appeare: and it was ſo.
1:10 And God called the drie land, Earth, and the gathering together of the waters called hee, Seas: and God ſaw that it was good.
1:11 And God ſaid, Let the Earth bring foorth graſſe, the herbe yeelding ſeed, and the fruit tree, yeelding fruit after his kinde, whoſe ſeed is in it ſelfe, vpon the earth: and it was ſo.
1:12 And the earth brought foorth graſſe, and herbe yeelding ſeed after his kinde, and the tree yeelding fruit, whoſe ſeed was in it ſelfe, after his kinde: and God ſaw that it was good.
1:13 And the euening and the morning were the third day.
1:14 And God ſaid, Let there bee lights in the firmament of the heauen, to diuide the day from the night: and let them be for ſignes and for ſeaſons, and for dayes and yeeres.
1:15 And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heauen, to giue light vpon the earth: and it was ſo.
1:16 And God made two great lights: the greater light to rule the day, and the leſſer light to rule the night: he made the ﬅarres alſo.
1:17 And God ſet them in the firmament of the heauen, to giue light vpon the earth:
1:18 And to rule ouer the day, and ouer the night, and to diuide the light from the darkeneſſe: and God ſaw that it was good.
1:19 And the euening and the morning were the fourth day.
1:20 And God ſaid, Let the waters bring foorth aboundantly the mouing creature that hath life, and foule that may ﬂie aboue the earth in the open firmament of heauen.
1:21 And God created great whales, and euery liuing creature that moueth, which the waters brought forth aboundantly after their kinde, and euery winged foule after his kinde: and God ſaw that it was good.
1:22 And God bleſſed them, ſaying, Be fruitfull, and multiply, and fill the waters in the Seas, and let foule multiply in the earth.
1:23 And the euening and the morning were the fift day.
1:24 And God ſaid, Let the earth bring forth the liuing creature after his kinde, cattell, and creeping thing, and beaﬅ of the earth after his kinde: and it was ſo.
1:25 And God made the beaﬅ of the earth after his kinde, and cattell after their kinde, and euery thing that creepeth vpon the earth, after his kinde: and God ſaw that it was good.
1:26 And God ſaid, Let vs make man in our Image, after our likeneſſe: and let them haue dominion ouer the fiſh of the ſea, and ouer the foule of the aire, and ouer the cattell, and ouer all the earth, and ouer euery creeping thing that creepeth vpon the earth.
1:27 So God created man in his owne Image, in the Image of God created hee him; male and female created hee them.
1:28 And God bleſſed them, and God ſaid vnto them, Be fruitfull, and multiply, and repleniſh the earth, and ſubdue it, and haue dominion ouer the fiſh of the ſea, and ouer the foule of the aire, and ouer euery liuing thing that mooueth vpon the earth.
1:29 And God ſaid, Behold, I haue giuen you euery herbe bearing ſeede, which is vpon the face of all the earth, and euery tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yeelding ſeed, to you it ſhall be for meat:
1:30 And to euery beaﬅ of the earth, and to euery foule of the aire, and to euery thing that creepeth vpon the earth, wherein there is life, I haue giuen euery greene herbe for meat: and it was ſo.
1:31 And God ſaw euery thing that hee had made: and behold, it was very good. And the euening and the morning were the ſixth day.


When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. — Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.

He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.

He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.

He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their Public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.

He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected, whereby the Legislative Powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.

He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.

He has obstructed the Administration of Justice by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary Powers.

He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.

He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.

He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil Power.

He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:

For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:

For protecting them, by a mock Trial from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:

For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:

For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:

For depriving us in many cases, of the benefit of Trial by Jury:

For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences:

For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies

For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:

For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection and waging War against us.

He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.

He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation, and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & Perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.

He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.

He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.

Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our British brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.

We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these united Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States, that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. — And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.


Numbers and symbols:
1234567890!@#$%^&*()`~-_=+
[]\{}|;':",./<>?

Latin:
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz

More symbols:
¡¢£¤¥¦§¨©ª«¬­®¯°±²³´µ¶·¸¹º»¼½¾¿À
IĳĳĴĵĶķĸĹĺļĻĽľĿŀőŒœŔŕŖŗŘřŚśŜŝŞşŠǅǃǁƶǚǝǏǋǊƺƻƾǀƠƝƛɏɋȺȸɆȵȳȱɑɢɧ
ﬂﬁ☼☻☺♠♣♥♫ⱠⱱⱪⱩⱧⱦⱶⱵⱴ◄▄▪▓╤╘∫ↄ∞⅜₴₥₮‰
―—–‒‏‎‍ῼῳῖᾯᾪᾀἽἌἂỘỔẕṸṟṓḩḔᶻᶚᶢᶷᵶᵷᵗᵄ

IPA:
ɐɑɒɓɔɕɖɗɘəɚɛɜɝɞɟɠɡɢɣɤɥɦɧɨɩɪɫɬɭɮɯɰɱɲɳɴɵɶɷɸɹɺɻɼɽɾɿʀʁʂʃʄʅʆʇʈʉʊʋʌʍʎʏʐʑʒʓʔʕʖʗʘʙʚʛʜʝʞʟʠʡʢʣʤʥʦʧʨʩʪʫʬʭʮʯ

Greek:
ΑΒΓΔΕΖΗΘΙΚΛΜΝΞΟΠΡΣΤΥΦΧΨΩΪΫάέήίΰα
αβγδεζηθικλμνξοπρςστυφχψωϊϋόύώϐϑ
Οὕτως γὰρ ἠγάπησεν ὁ θεὸς τὸν κόσμον ὥστε τὸν υἱὸν αὐτοῦ τὸν μονογενῆ ἔδωκεν ἵνα πᾶς ὁ πιστεύων εἰς αὐτὸν μὴ ἀπόληται ἀλλ' ἔχῃ ζωὴν αἰώνιον

Cyrillic:
АаБбВвГгДдЕеЁёЖжЗзИиЙйКкЛлМмНнОоПпРрСсТтУуФфХхЦцЧчШшЩщЪъЫыЬьЭэЮюЯяѲѳѢѣѴѵѮѯѰѱѠѡѪѫѦѧѬѭѨѩ

Hebrew:
אבגדהוזחטיכךלמנסעפצקרשתףץםן
דּוּכּךּשׂשׁ‏ֵיִיוּוֹ
בְּרֵאשִׁ֖יתבָּרָ֣אאֱלֹהִ֑יםאֵ֥תהַשָּׁמַ֖יִםוְאֵ֥תהָאָֽרֶץ׃

Arabic:
غظضذخثتشرقصفعسنملكيطحزوهدجبأ
شغظذخثتسرقضفعصنملكيطحزوهدجبأ
يوهنملكقفغعظطضصشسزرذدخحجثتبأ
وهشسقفغعضصنملكظطزرذدخحجثتبأ
ـاـاااـبـبـبـبـتـتـتـتـثـثـثـثـجـجـجـجـسـسـسـسـشـشـشـشـكـكـكـكـنـنـنـن

Thai:
กไก่ขไข่ฃขวดคควายฅคนฆระฆังงงูจจานฉฉิ่งชช้างซโซ่ญหญิงฎชฎาฏปฏักฐฐานฑมณโฑฒผู้เฒ่าณเณรดเด็กตเต่าถถุงททหารธธงนหนูบใบไม้ปปลาผผึ้งฝฝาพพานฟฟันภสำเภามม้ายยักษ์รเรือลลิงวแหวนศศาลาษฤๅษีสเสือหหีบฬจุฬาออ่างฮนกฮูก

Chinese:
一二两三四五六七八九十百千萬万億亿垓兆兆垓秭穰溝沟澗涧正載载的了是地方上回复電电買买東东車车紅红鳥鸟證龙藝团雜厅貓宝寶醫国龘齉籲鬱鱻
；。／，；‘’“”［］｛｝、｜－＝——＋｀～？，《》！＠＃￥％……＆＊（）

Japanese:
ぁあぃいぅうぇえぉおかがきぎく
ぐけげこごさざしじすずせぜそぞた
だちぢっつづてでとどなにぬねのは
ばぱひびぴふぶぷへべぺほぼぽまみ
むめもゃやゅゆょよらりるれろゎわ
ゐゑをんゔゕゖ゙゚゛゜ゝゞゟ
゠ァアィイゥウェエォオカガキギク
グケゲコゴサザシジスズセゼソゾタ
ダチヂッツヅテデトドナニヌネノハ
バパヒビピフブプヘベペホボポマミ
ムメモャヤュユョヨラリルレロヮワ
ヰヱヲンヴヵヶヷヸヹヺ・ーヽヾヿ
字試電買開東拝氷亀豊楽点宝国楽

Korean:
ᄀᄁᄂᄃᄄᄅᄆᄇᄈᄉᄊᄋᄌᄍᄎᄏ
ᄐᄑᄒᄓᄔᄕᄖᄗᄘᄙᄚᄛᄜᄝᄞᄟ
ᄠᄡᄢᄣᄤᄥᄦᄧᄨᄩᄪᄫᄬᄭᄮᄯ
ᄰᄱᄲᄳᄴᄵᄶᄷᄸᄹᄺᄻᄼᄽᄾᄿ
ᅀᅁᅂᅃᅄᅅᅆᅇᅈᅉᅊᅋᅌᅍᅎᅏ
ᅐᅑᅒᅓᅔᅕᅖᅗᅘᅙᅚᅛᅜᅝᅞᅟ
ᅠᅡᅢᅣᅤᅥᅦᅧᅨᅩᅪᅫᅬᅭᅮᅯ
ᅰᅱᅲᅳᅴᅵᅶᅷᅸᅹᅺᅻᅼᅽᅾᅿ
ᆀᆁᆂᆃᆄᆅᆆᆇᆈᆉᆊᆋᆌᆍᆎᆏ
ᆐᆑᆒᆓᆔᆕᆖᆗᆘᆙᆚᆛᆜᆝᆞᆟ
ᆠᆡᆢᆣᆤᆥᆦᆧᆨᆩᆪᆫᆬᆭᆮᆯ
ᆰᆱᆲᆳᆴᆵᆶᆷᆸᆹᆺᆻᆼᆽᆾᆿ
ᇀᇁᇂᇃᇄᇅᇆᇇᇈᇉᇊᇋᇌᇍᇎᇏ
ᇐᇑᇒᇓᇔᇕᇖᇗᇘᇙᇚᇛᇜᇝᇞᇟ
ᇠᇡᇢᇣᇤᇥᇦᇧᇨᇩᇪᇫᇬᇭᇮᇯ
ᇰᇱᇲᇳᇴᇵᇶᇷᇸᇹᇺᇻᇼᇽᇾᇿ

Burmese
ရှစ်လေးလုံးအရေးအခင်းသုံးထောင်သည်တယ်။

Sanskrit
संस्कृतम्अआइईउऊऋॠऌॡएऐओऔपपापिपीपुपूपृपॄपॢपॣपेपैपोपौ

Armenian
հայերէնհա՛րկի՛թ՛նč'թիւգիշե

Laotian
ພາສາລາວຫຼໜໝງຍຣອ໊ອ໋

Blackfoot
ᐟᖻᓱᖽᐧᖿᖿᖼᖽᖾᖻᖸᖹᖺᖷᖴᖵᖶᔦᔨᔪᔭᓭᓯᓱᓴᖳᖰᖱᖲᑭ

Cherokee
ᏀᎿᏆᏇᏈᏉᏊᏋᏜᏝᏞᏟᏠᏡᏢᏣᏤᏥᏦᏧᏨᏯᎫᏈᏝᏩᏆᏢᎫᏇᏩᏅᏖᎦᏯᎾᏁᏂᏃᏄᏅᎦᎧᎨᎩᎪᎫᎬᎭᎮᎯᎰᎱᎲᎹᎺᎻᎼᎽᏓᏔᏕᏖᏗᏘᏙᏚᏛᎳᎴᎵᎶᎷᎸᏌᏎᏏᏐᏑᏒᏩᏪᏫᏬᏭᏮᏯᏰᏱᏲᏳᏴᏙᏚᎪᏛᏩᎧᎬᎠᎪᎣᏧᏥᏣᏤᏦᏨᎠᎡᎢᎣᎤᎥᏍᎾᎢᏔᏗᏰᎦᎦ

Georgian
ႠႡႢႣႤႥႦჁႧႨႩႪႫႬჂႭႮႯႰႱႲჃႭჃႳႴႵႶႷႸႹႺႻႼႽႾჄႿჀჅ
ⴀⴁⴂⴃⴄⴅⴆⴡⴇⴈⴉⴊⴋⴌⴢⴍⴎⴏⴐⴑⴒⴣⴍⴣⴓⴔⴕⴖⴗⴘⴙⴚⴛⴜⴝⴞⴤⴟⴠⴥ
აბგდევზჱთიკლმნჲოპჟრსტჳუფქღყშჩცძწჭხჴჯჰჵჶჷჺჸჹჱჲჳჃჴჸუ̌უ̂ლ

Ethiopic
አቡነ፡ ዘበሰማያት፡ ይትቀደሰ፡ ሰምከ። ትምጻእ፡ መንግሥትከ። ወይከን፡ ፊቃድከ፡ በከመ፡ በከማይ፡ ከማሁ፡ በምድር። ሲሳየነ፡ ዘለለ፡ ዕለትነ፡ ሀበነ፡ ዩም። ኀደግ፡ ለነ፡ አበሳነ፡ ወጌጋየነ፡ ከመ፡ ንሕነኒ፡ ንኀድግ ፡ ለዘአበሰ፡ ለነ። ኢታብአነ፡ እግዚኦ፡ ውሰተ፡ መንሱት፡ አላ፡ አድኀነነ፡ ወባልሐነ፡ እምኲሉ፡ እኩይ።
